Haaa..Haaa...Um, I don't know who that is actually.
Um...I wasn't aware of that topic.
So on this topic of love lives lives
I know! I know! I know! I play them all!
I put him on!
No, but, but, feel the, uh, like the...
Like the, what do you call it? the...
progress like the development gradual development..Oh!
Yeah.
Okay..oh
Yeah, but maybe he just likes lamb.
Yeah..No, because I was thinking like, oh.
If he already liked Lamp before I was like, oh yeah, I like Lamp.
I love lamp.
Yeah. Hmm hmmm... Yeah.
and also the pokemon story i posted that
At first like...I posted about TCGP first.
Umm
yeah he's a copycat
Oh, and I'm like the alpha like you? So..
Haaa....Yeah, I definitely agree.
Is that what you would do in that situation? Yeah, I wouldn't either.
I don't think it's being presented. I think it's like, um...
like like you know like when you see short people and then you're like
You know, and then you try to like take it away from them.
And then and then they do like the stupid grabby hands.
Hey give me...that's how it feels like
Take it from you. Oh, is there anything going on in your love life? Hmm
Woah...hoo...hoo..What?
Who are you? who are you?
Why are you so hesitant to answer?
Oh! Bro's smiling.
Oh, there's an anyways is it right?
He did clove up! he did clove up
Thats sure
Hey, but didn't J-Bon do J-ble as well? But he's like-
Not loser. She's a- oh...ok
Oh, ok. it's the... it's the...
Not loser aura, but the deep inside....kind of
So, maybe that's true.
and
But it's weird because we live like six hours away.
That's like weird.
Haaa haaa
Love has no boundaries...ummm
Oh, oh, oh, after this?
What, what, what would I say hypothetically?
I was thinking Cardi.
Playboy Cardi has been kind of...
Been edging a drop soon.
So, and I know he likes Playboi Carti. I also indulge.
and the fondness of Playboy Card here.
So I was thinking oh when cardi drops
I Am Music, which is his new album that he's been teasing for a while.
I should be like, oh my god, this is so good guys!
And like start plotting.
Yeah. I know...I know
It's like okay, like what do you even say out of nowhere out of nothing?
Probably music, music (***) glam, hardly
Limp's easy.
Haah!
Yeah. Yeah, for real. For realsies.
Limp is good though. Yeah, but I feel like
Lamp is very basic.
Yeah. A new album.
I am music, yeah.
Yeah!
I will definitely, I will definitely consider doing that.
Yeah, you will be watching me..um
No, no, no, don't worry I can do it
No no no I am going to tweet
I mean, tweet then, wow.
Um...Wow, I think that that is...and a
idea that I am NOT pro.
I am not for, I'm not for that idea.
They pro the pro
I feel...No, it's like...Haaa
It's awkward though, no? Because when you think about it, you're like, oh my god. This..